DOCS-9542-validation-reorganization-kt (#1165)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: validation/1.4/modules/ROOT/pages/validation-studio-config.adoc

. Drag the operation onto the Studio canvas and to the right of the source.

.Validation module Operations
image::validation-module-operations.png[Validation module Operations Operations]

[[configure-global-element]]
== Configure a Global Element for the Connector

When you configure a connector, it’s best to configure a global element that all instances of that connector in the app can use. Configuring a global element requires you to provide the authentication credentials that the connector requires to configure I18n for the standard error messages.

To configure the global element for Validation module, follow these steps:

. Select the name of the module in the Studio canvas.
. Select the operation in the Studio canvas.
. In the configuration screen for the operation, click the plus sign (*+*) next to the *Module configuration* field to access the global element configuration fields.
. On the *General* tab, for *I18n*, select one of the following options:
+
* *None*
* *Expression*
* *Edit inline*
* *Global reference*
+
If you select *Edit Inline*, set the following parameters:

* *Bundle path* +

> The path to a bundle file containing the messages. If null then the platform will choose a default one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The path to a bundle file containing the messages. If null, then Anypoint Platform chooses a default one.
```

* *Locale* +

> The locale of the null the platform will choose the system default.

Reviewer: Is this:
If null, Anypoint Platform chooses the system default. 

?
